my name is Mario deflower men with
pedophiles ferni farms is a nationwide
distributor of premium roses dealers
rings and all types of fresh-cut flowers
for weddings and special events in all
occasions today I am going to show you
how to process a hydrangea a lot of
people by their flowers by the wedding
but they don't know what to do with the
flowers once they get them this is why
I'm making this video to show you how to
process a health ranger first you take
the hydrangea out of the box when you
take it out of the box it would look
like this it will have a plastic at
least and it will have a water in the
bottom so the first thing you do is you
take the plastic wrapper of the hydrate
you take this off you can do it by
calling the little rubber band that it
has in the bottom and you remove this
little wrapper that it has with water
the next thing that you do you have a
plastic container or with fresh water
and you submerge the stem in the world
then you can do scissors we own a flower
quarter and you cut all the water in an
Ambu see it should look like this as
soon as you call it you change it to the
next container it can be a pocket it can
be a glass box just change it to the
next container and let it hydrate one
day or two days before your wedding just
drinking water and the hydrangea will
get big
now open nicely and if you can have a
bigger flower can you arrange if you
have any questions you can contact me at
www that parallel farms com or Mario
deflower men.com thank you have a
wonderful day